fix: remove slack community link (#960)
ngrok/ngrok-docs: README.md

## Looking for support?

For bug reports, feature request, questions and community support please ooen an issue or discussion in our [ngrok Community](https://github.com/ngrok/ngrok).

> To file an issue within our doc, use our [github issues](https://github.com/ngrok/ngrok-docs/issues)

Author: ```suggestion
To report a problem with our documentation, please open a new [Github issue](https://github.com/ngrok/ngrok-docs/issues).
```
